1. lets move on to claude API integration. I am trying to think what could be a good place for us to start. lets talk design. im just thinking out loud. what could be the mostuseful           
  feature for me right now. let me take a step back. i dont want to think in terms of features. let me think of business value. what problem am i facing right now that i wish i could         
  solve instantly? hmmm.. I feel demotivated sometimes. I feel like i dont have a perfect plan, and that i have competing priorities in my mind. I have fought this off to a large extent,     
  and now have priorities so well defined, that i literally am tracking only 5 focus metrics for a sprint, but still, i have some thoughts that kill my prioritization. for e.g. i can't       
  decide how much effort to put in at work. i get mad when i think that they have not paid me in a while. i thought i was past this. actually, this is not somehting i want to get into        
  right now. I am making this decision here and now. I will not think about the money i am owed. I will only focus on upskilling myself on SelfPM, technical fluency, and gaining users.       
  that's that. \                                                                                                                                                                               
  \                                                                                                                                                                                            
  next problem -- I wish, i could get motivational notifications on ym phone / watch at different points of the day, with specific messges / insight onto what i should do then. so, the       
  problem i have, is that, i am able to wake up early and everything, but i lose track at some point during the day, and get diverted / watch TV in the mornings, get bored, and do            
  timepass as work with colleagues, or just start blaming the company for xyz reasons (all valid) and not doing work. this doesn't happen often, but it happens. The problem i have, is        
  staying focused, and on task. I have built a good habit of plannign / visualizing my day in the morning, now i need help keep on track of that plan throughout the day. is there a way       
  SelfPM, once it knows my plan for the day (it can either pull form the Morning routine Sprint Focus task notes (where i will enter it every morning before 5:30am), or, we can have a        
  sepearet data field for it), and then send me a notifcation at differnt times to check in on me on whethere im doing that task? and remind me that nothing else matters for my happiness     
  and success for the day, and this is what will lead me to happiness in life and a job at my dream company anthropic? I would also like to be ale to speak / text back to the                 
  notification of my 'state' at the time. this is proably too much. im still brainstorming. I want notifications -- motivational notifications for my primary focus tasks (Anthropic / Gym     
  / Cardy work -- this is not on the sprint this week, but it is a focus task, especially one that i need motivation for). I want cardy motivation at 9a and 11a, and Anthropic                
  motivation at 2:30p. Ideally, i'd want these to be absed on notes from the prevoous day on how well / bad i did these tasks, so i can get context and do better this day. something like     
  this. Im not 100% clear, but i want to rainstorm ideas on how i can bring myself to see specific notes / trends / statistics/ predictions/  other, through notificaitons on phone /          
  watch, so that i am able to remember my 'why' and quickly change state from potentially 'troubled / bored' and get back to work. Can you help me rainstorm some ideas, specifically ones     
  that might interate claude API into my app for this? First, help me summarize my problem statement in 4-8 lines, and then give me recommendations. the mode of delviery (watch / phone       
  / email) is not super important, we can focus on that later. (i just realized we dont have to build a watch app / interface, but just have selfPM email me, which my watch will notify       
  me about). is my prompt clear?

  2. 